hi I'm Cassie from BBC cat food and I'm
going to show you how to make the
perfect hot cross buns so I made the
dough a couple of hours ago and I left
it to rise somewhere nice and warm until
doubled in size
now I've just knocked it back to get rid
of all those air bubbles and I'm ready
to incorporate the fruit and mixed peel
so I find this easiest to do if you roll
the fried dough out and just sprinkle it
all over the top
[Music]
so roll it out nice and thin and then
just sprinkle your fruit over the top
[Music]
I'm the next pill
now just roll the dough up from one of
the longer sides
[Music]
this I mean the fruit is nicely
distributed throughout the hot cross bun
so now we're ready to cut the dough into
twelve even pieces to do this it's a
good idea if you weigh the dough and
then you can just divide it by 12 and
weigh each bar and a Chicago
[Music]
so I Faolain and then cut them into
roughly the same size but don't forget
you can check them on the scales
[Music]
okay so now I've got 12 evenly sized
pieces of dough we need to turn these
into nice smooth buns so I want to close
any of the cut edges to trap all the
fruit inside the bun so just give it a
couple of needs and start to tuck the
dial in on itself underneath and just
pinch it together and this will become
the bottom of the bun so don't worry if
it doesn't look too neat in this stage
when you turn over you have a nice
smooth surface on the top so just pop
that on your tray and do the same with
the rest of the buns
[Music]
I've left a little bit of space between
the hot cross buns because they need to
go somewhere nice and warm for about
another hour until they're doubled in
size or until they're just touching so
just cover them over with some oil to
cling film so they don't dry out and
place them somewhere warm
[Music]
these look great so they're ready to
glaze with some beaten egg this is just
give them a lovely shiny finish
[Music]
okay so now we're ready to add the
crosses to the top of the Hot Cross Buns
so to do this I've made a paste with
some flour and water and you want the
place to be quite thick so that it
doesn't run off the top of the bunt when
you pipe it on so get yourself a packing
bag or you can use a sandwich bag and
just spoon in some of the paste
take the top the bagged clays now as
soon as you snip off the corner you want
to pipe across is quite quickly over the
top of the buns so here goes
[Music]
so they're ready for the oven
so there you go that's how you make
perfect Hot Cross Buns serve them all
from the oven or toasted with lots of
butter and marmalade
you